# Meeting 2015-08-18

Moderator: @frijol, Notes: @johnnyman727, Attending: @tcr, @rwaldron

## Agenda

* [x] T1 allocation (@frijol)
* [x] T2 allocation (@johnnyman727)
* [x] FCC cert update (@tcr)
* [x] T2 software status update (probably all)

## Notes

- SAP would like to buy more 30-40 Tessel 1s but we don't sell them anymore. We have 30 refurbished and 30 new T1s in storage. #action-item for @johnnyman727 - how would they pay Dojo Foundation. #action-item for @kelsey to get back to Helena.
- Will Prater is interested in using T2. #action-item for @johnnyman727 to see if he's interesting in becoming a Team Member.
- #action-item for @rwaldron to onboard Donovan.
- #action-item for @tcr to track common physical issues (spawned by Rick's point that his button fell off before he received it)
- #action-item for @johnnyman727 to get back to Azure
- #action-item for @johnnyman727 to send @rwaldron three more T2s
- #action-item for @johnnyman727 to ask @kevinmehall if there is any way to find out about the package to Eric.
- No inbound feedback from external people after sending the TWIT about the FCC problem.
- #action-item for @tcr to draft a post for the OpenWRT forums about the FCC issue. Will share with SC on Slack and will post on the forums tonight.
- #action-item for Jon to talk to 3DR interns about what happened with their T2 experience
- #action-item for Tim to visit Bocoup (and bring 5 T2s!)
- Kelsey updated tessel.io/docs to be documentation for Tessel 2. She also updated the T2 start docs to be up to date (except images which Kevin Sidwar is using)
- Rick has been working on a better bundling and file ignoring option. We will use that moving forward instead of the hardware property. If we see any projects using the hardware property, we will open a PR changing it to .tesselignore. 
- Tim will be working on hardware testing infrastructure
