Meeting: https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/90

Facilitator: @johnnyman727 Notes: @johnnyman727

Attending: @frijol

## FCC Update
@tcr wasn't here so we didn't get an update

## Upcoming Nodebots Hackathon
@johnnyman727 will focus on making sure there is a boot state indication in the CLI and work on getting more modules working. @frijol has been working on improving the t2-start experience.

## Team Member Additions
We didn't have enough people at the meeting to discuss

## Action Items (many copied from last week)

- @kelsey will mail modules to Donovan.
- @johnnyman727 to try out another one or two password managers and make proposal
- @johnnyman727 write up what an onboarding email looks like
- @tcr to respond to FLOSS email and sign up for a slot on the podcast
- @tcr reach out to node ci
- @tcr write up FCC findings for the blog
- @tcr to write up how he has implemented pre-compiled modules in the past on the Github issue
- @tcr to invite new team member and onboard them.
- @tcr FCC fixes by Jia
