# Meeting 2015-05-12

## Agenda
* Filling out steering committee
* Figuring out collaborators
* Shrinking server and mail server use [#24](https://github.com/technicalmachine/tessel-project/issues/24)
* What tools will allow us to collaborate in a distributed, asynchronous environment? [#20](https://github.com/technicalmachine/tessel-project/issues/20)
* Define a process for feature proposals (RFCs) [#16](https://github.com/technicalmachine/tessel-project/issues/16)
* How to get people to talk about Tessel at conferences

## Notes

### T2 Shipment

- rick got his T2!
- we need direct getting started instructions

### Steering Committee 

- what's our goal to fill out the steering committee? what's our target number of people? 
- do we have any suggestions for the announcement publicly?
- it's okay to wait on a public announcement until everything is concretely in place and comfortable
- there's four of us now. six has been mentioned, but a specific number doesn't have to be hit
- rick: an odd number of people could help for inevitable tiebreakers

Takeaways:

- keep discussions of individuals private (on Slack).
- flesh out candidates over the next week.
- will reconsider target number of SC members next meeting.

### Collaborators

- a collaborator has: commit access on the repos, moderator access on the forums, responsibility of reviewing code and community is communicated openly and respectfully
- jon: we can send out hardware to become a collaborator to the community
- kelsey: we shouldn't use hardware as the primary incentive
- right now, wording of our process avoids naming individuals, rather recommendations are made through existing members of the team
- rick: your SC member/collaborator are equivalent to jquery's Board Member and Team Member
- a team member is representative of the members of the rest of the team. for more executive decision making, you have a board member / sc member.

### Collaboration

- what tools will help us collaborate?
- rick: IRC for johnny-five was stagnant for the longest time. gitter got traction almost immediately
- kelsey: the more we're on github the less the non-software folks will be thrilled.
- github is a software centric hub vs slack, a communication hub
- our target "people" is very broadly defined; not everyone has slack open
- rick: will mention any ideas that comes up.
- jon: need organization around the longer-term goals. could be fixed with longer-term issues. on gh.
- tim: trello is miserable.

Takeaways: 
- let our current tools play out: we have slack and the forums. go with the flow.
- will re-address this when something is an issue.

### RFCs

- rick: to clarify: future hardware proposals? or software? or both?
- kelsey: "any major feature" i believe
- jon: tough because any major feature can span multiple github repos. level of detail for things like "here is the entire plan" and "here is where you can find out more".
- jon: current RFC plan is complicated but best so far. 
- current plan is a forum thread "i want to propose this feature" and a Collaborator champions, build out a more detailed spec, will make a more relevant issue on github, checklist of github links to the original forum post so that way they can be cross-navigated.
- this was implemented for our CLI spec
- kelsey: in some ways it's shitty, and in some ways it works as long as someone takes takes care of it.
- rick: relevant experience in TC39.
- ECMA originally drafted strawman in a wiki. changed to a staging process that is well-defined, criteria for meeting each stage, and retains a "champion" model. if you have a feature, you create THE REPO for that feature, people can file issues on that proposal, come to a resolution, proposal, and it's in a centralized place on the TC39 org. new items are added by making pull requests
- easy and works with github
- discussion is preserved because it's in the form of a pull request

## Conference talk

- Answering inbound requests for "can someone from tessel talk at our conference?"
- want community members to feel empowered to take a board to go do a talk
- how do you reach out to people? twitter + forums
- rick: find people that have made projects (you have that list) and contact them directly.
- people that never would've talked at conferences but for the encouragement to talk about THEIR project 
- can also reach out to conference organizer and have them appeal to individuals to speak
- "community member that has made something particularly awesome. we're going to support you in XYZ way."

Takeaways:

- need a forum post for speakers saying "you would be supported in this way"
- keep track of and advertise for conferences that come up.

## Action items

- Jon: type up notes for previous meeting with Raquel about community 
- Jon: put the list of SC candidates on Slack
- Rick: help widen candidate pool for SC, see if there's any good fits
- Rick: add to RFC repo description of TC39's collaborative process for creating new feature proposals
- Tim: sync with Kwyn about server migration and update the Github issue
- Tim: public list of action items we are seeking help on / to get people to become  collaborators
- Kelsey: forum post about speaking and how we will support speakers / event throwers
- Kelsey: put list of collaborator candidates on Slack

Next meeting: Next Tuesday @ 2PM on talky.io
