Meeting: https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/88

Facilitator: @tcr
Notes: @johnnyman727

Attending: @frijol, @rwaldron

## FCC Update
- @tcr found a way to put T2 into 802.11n mode by reading code and datasheets. Sent over to Seeed. Seeed has a few questions but we may be out of the woods soon.
- @jia has been active working out the fix with Seeed
- In this week's TWIT, we will say that we were able to demonstrate that we fixed the issue.

## Mitro closing down
- Mitro is shutting down but we stored all of our passwords with them :(
- @johnnyman727 has been trying Dashlane and it's "okay". 

## More T2 Allocations
- Seeed Studio is requesting 50 of our T2s for a customer who doesn't need FCC approval.
- We would feel better if they built another 100 - sell 50 to this customer and keep 50 for ourselves. We could also fulfill the order with what we have if we have more coming for CE.

## FLOSS podcast opportunity
- FLOSS podcast has an opening for a speaker from the Tessel Project. 

## Meetup in NY
- @frijol, @tcr, and @johnnyman727 will be in NY! And Rick lives there! We will meet up at the JQuery/Dojo Foundation merger party and hang out.

## Pre-compiled modules
- @rwaldron brought up that we need to get going on the pre-cached server. @allanca has contributed injection functionality into the old CLI and we need to merge it into the t2-cli. 

## Miscellaneous
- Donovan needs modules to test. We should send him some. 
- @frijol finished her talk for Nodeconf basically about what we're doing well and what we'll be doing better
- @rwaldron submitted a proposal to empire js conf about T2
- @johnnyman727 & @rwaldron will work on CLI stumbling blocks, @frijol is working on t2-start, and @tcr will work on the binary server and onboarding a new team member


# Action items
- @tcr will to write up his finding for the blog
- @johnnyman727 to try out another one or two password managers and make proposal
- @johnnyman727 to talk with @jia about schedule for next rev and whether or not we should sell uncertified hardware
- @tcr to respond to FLOSS email and sign up for a slot on the podcast
- #tcr to write up how he has implemented pre-compiled modules in the past on the Github issue
- @rwaldron to make an issue for the single file flag on deploy and separate issue for long term rsync like functionality
- @rwaldron to send over what modules Donovan needs + address 
- @kelsey will mail hardware to Donovan.
- @tcr to invite new team member and onboard them.
- @johnnyman727 write up what an onboarding email looks like
- @johnnyman727 to add @frijol to the t2-cli authors
