# Meeting 2015-06-03

## Agenda
* Update on community involvement in events (Kelsey)
* Update on new collaborators (Jon)
* Update on hardware development
* Update on software progress and next milestones
* First Run Experience [#43](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/43)
* Follow up on "why is this still open" issues ([#35](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/35) and [#24](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/24) and [#16](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/35))
* Using Slack
* Binary compilation
* TWIT
* TWIT goals for next week
