# Meeting 2015-05-19

## Agenda
* Finalizing RFC process [#16](https://github.com/technicalmachine/tessel-project/issues/16)
* Concluding collaboration tools issue [#20](https://github.com/technicalmachine/tessel-project/issues/20)
* Follow up on server usage [#24](https://github.com/technicalmachine/tessel-project/issues/24)
* Potential new Steering Committee members
* Potential new Collaborators
* Follow up on getting the community involved in events (Kelsey)
* Moving this repository to the Tessel organization [Related to #35](https://github.com/technicalmachine/tessel-project/issues/35)
