# Meeting 07/07/15
Moderator: @frijol
Notes: @rwaldron (but @johnnyman727 as proxy)
Attending: @rwaldron, @johnnyman727, @tcr

## Agenda

* Onboarding of new team members - @johnnyman727 how is this going? @frijol also has a note
* Related: https://github.com/tessel/onboarding blog about this @johnnyman727 
* Update from manufacturing
* @tcr t2-start improvements
* @tcr module redos (KiCAD)
* @frijol progress bars on T2 completion?
* What will @johnnyman727 be working on this week?
* @tcr joint room for team members + sc

## Notes
- 100 pilot boards are being sent to Kevin. 25% yield out of the first 4 but Jon is assuming they figured out those manufacturing issues. Jon will check with @jia about that.[Post Meeting Edit: I've heard that the yield went up to at least 97%]
- Seeed is dealing with stickers and packaging. @Jia didn't know the Tessel red hex code so @frijol sent them to her.
- @rwaldron wrote a bunch of great tests for tessel.js in firmware.
- We will figure allocation strategy in the future (hackathons, contributors, etc.)
- Tim is working on converting all original T1 start docs to markdown and using Jekyll for T2. He wants it to be able to accept PRs next week for content (like @frijol).

## Action items
- #action-item @rwaldron should get CLAHub working
- #action-item @johnnyman727 and @rwaldron will test out the RFC process with the 'auto-save' tool
- #action-item @rwaldron & @johnnnyman727 will chat about the 4th PR in his series
- #action-item get new T2s out to remaining Team Members (@johnnyman727)
- #action-item @johnnyman727 had a great chat with @Linus on how to get going and took notes on confusing/missing pieces of documentation. He will add that info to the onboarding doc
- #action-item @frijol should chat with @johnnyman727 about a blog post on the technical guide
- #action-item @tcr needs to confirm how hard of a deadline Sept 3 is.
- #action-item @johnnyman727 should talk to @kevinmehall about basic documentation for the protocol between the openWRT and the SAMD21
- @frijol is making an issue on /project to track the completeness of the T2 before shipment #action-item add "T2-Shipment" labels to use across the repos.
- #action-item Tim should think about an automated way to have a progress tracker and reach goals
- #action-item @tcr wants to open up discussion on the `/project` repo about making a new version of all the modules going forward with EEPROM for auto-detection and conversion into Kicad
- #action-item @tcr will document his process converting modules to KiCad
- #action-item @johnnyman727 and @tcr will plan out hardware integration tests
- #action-item @johnnyman727 and @frijol will create Milestone checklists for every repo
- #action-item @tcr will create a new Slack channel for finances
