# Meeting DATE
Moderator: @tcr
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @rwaldron @johnnyman727

## Agenda
https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/72

* Administrative issues with Dojo
* Date to stop selling Tessel 1
* USB modules
* Amazon finances
* Tessel 2 shipment update
* Python Support
* Allocating Early T2s
* Licenses
* CLAHub

## Notes
* Shipping update: Sep 3 is a soft deadline, Jia expects later
* Will send out "pick your modules" survey tomorrow
* Looking at https://github.com/tessel/hardware-modules - figuring out how best to communicate what works, what is recommended, what is supported. Including a whitelist for USB modules for things that someone has actually tried.
* Licenses. Discussion has been happening https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/51. CC-by-SA/Solderpad cross licensing on hardware is good.
* Stop selling T1. We have ~30 left, someone should turn that off right now.
* How do we allocate the 91 early T2s? 20 for early contributors, the rest in half for EU/US hackathons? 5 to every city with Nodebots monthly?
* Python support: does anyone care enough about it to spearhead it?
* Push comes to shove @tcr can do it. Preferable to get someone who cares about it. What about a Python working group? Pick people from OpenWRT MicroPython community? Announce a working group?
* CLAHub is good. A PR needs to land to make it org-wide, then we can apply it to us

## Action items
* @frijol is working on https://github.com/tessel/hardware-modules/pull/1 to clarify modules
* @tcr figure out how best to get people to contribute to USB modules
* @frijol @tcr figure out how to get the json data re modules onto an appropriate human-readable place
* @tcr merge licensing into the tessel project repo as policy
* @rwaldron talk to neighbor/IP lawyer about licensing
* @johnnyman727 ping @jia have her take T1 out of the store
* @rwaldron pick a few Nodebots organizers who should get 5 early T2s. Let's pilot that.
* @tcr get the Python working group repo started and get it into the TWIT
* @rwaldron get CLAHub going
