# Meeting 6/23/15
Moderator: @johnnyman727
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @rwaldron

## Agenda

* T2 start: figure out tessel/t2-start#3
* Checking out

## Notes

* T2 start: what tools should we use?
  * Markdown is pretty standard, easy to contribute
  * Is this an issue for columns? Let's investigate, should be able to use
* Making TWIT more collaborative
  * Reddit? Such as reddit.com/r/NodeBots
  * Can parse RSS to pull in
  * Anyone can post to this
  * /r/Tessel exists, we don't own it
  * Let's get involved with this
* China trip
  * Going to factory today, been working on test rig software
  * Might be a little behind on test rig software, finishing that up
  * Hopefully building first 100 in the next couple of days, testing all setup & testing
* WebAssembly: @tcr knows about this but we don't
* We have a T2 Fritzing part now!

## Action items

* @frijol resolve T2 start formatting
* @rwaldron look over tessel/project for broken links and legacy wording
* @johnnyman727 look over contribution guide
* @johnnyman727 message chilibomb on reddit and make friends with them so we can join the moderation team
* @johnnyman727 defer WebAssembly discussion until Tim is back
