# Meeting DATE

Moderator: @rwaldron Notes: @johnnyman727 Attending: @frijol

## Agenda
 - Are T2's from the 100 batch shipping to pre-orders or is that just the final test batch?
 - Update on shipping ETA?
 - How many to market?
 - Availability moving forward
 - Looping back on CLAs with Dojo
 - Looping back on mentorship with new Team Members
 - Development priorities moving forward

## Notes
- Jon is 90% sure that the 100 from the pilot run are for us and not for pre-orders (they aren't FCC certified). #action-item Jon should check with Jia
- Shipment ETA is late August or early September
- Almost 1000 Tessels will be available for sale after pre-orders. 
- Seeed will be responsible for deciding how many to build afterward and when. The more orders the better.
- #action-item Kelsey should talk to Jia about packaging and stickers.
- Dojo foundation has an online CLA that everyone must sign (takes about 20 seconds). #action-item Rick will add CLAHub to our repos. [Link to CLA is here](http://dojofoundation.org/about/cla)
- Jon met with @Flaki to bring him up to speed on development status and it was really useful. Jon documented most of it [in one document](https://github.com/tessel/project/blob/jon-technical-overview/T2-TECHNICAL-OVERVIEW.md).
- #action-item Jon will send it out to other new Team Members. 
- #action-item Kelsey will look it over and figure out where this doc should actually live if not this repo.
- Jon messaged the moderator of the Tessel subreddit and was able to make Rick, Jon, and Kelsey moderators.
- #action-item Rick will check out how other build systems use Sublime Text plugins for deployment (this would be so cool and useful!)
- #action-item Rick will try out https://github.com/tessel/t2-cli/pull/184
- #action-item Rick will build a Grunt build service for `tessel.js` in `t2-firmware`.
