# Meeting September 6, 2016
Moderator: @hipsterbrown
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @tcr

## Agenda


## Notes
### Node 6 CLI compatibility
* @tcr has a PR open, if passes tests it's there :)
* When to release? Node 6 release is Oct sometime (no clear exact date).
* Might as well test & release ASAP to get some testing in before 6 is LTS

### Rust API support
* Great progress at Tesselcamp, including accelerometer release
* @tcr "everything I wanted to be done, is done"
* Leverage semver for continued improvement – API could break, we're pre 1.0

### Mesh networking
* @hipsterbrown got ad hoc networking functional on Tesselcamp day 1
* More networking can be done here
* Specifics of mesh communication might be different
* Overall: good progress, almost have syncing for PouchDB (might need some support from PouchDB folks)
* Pretty close to a syncing database solution between tessel-slack

### Docs fixes
* Lots got done by @frijol at Tesselcamp, many issues resolved
* Always more to do, issues v. contributor friendly
* @frijol and @hipsterbrown had a useful conversation about what is API docs vs. what is tutorial
* @hipsterbrown requests that people make issues for things that would be easier to understand with Fritzing diagrams and examples
* @tcr and @frijol agreed that modules can move from t2-start to t2-docs, pending technical viability
* Still need to figure out thoughts re separating USB and IO modules

### ESP32
* Announced January, came out today! ooo ahh
* Order of magnitude more ROM than ESP8266
* Supports both Wifi and Bluetooth
* ESP8266 has been very well received - delivered on what people actually wanted
* The catch: not ARM or MIPS, their own core architecture.. all they have is jcc compiler
* Might be hard to get Node or Rust on it because there's not yet a way to compile that
* Not well tested or documented yet because it literally came out today
* There will be good support and community for it
* It could be made a Rust target if we decided it was worth it, but we'd have to try it out first
* For Reach, we might have to get creative to make it work. Last time we got creative we ended up rewriting Node core libraries in Lua, so step carefully with that idea
* Not really an ideal chip for Reach, but might as well check it out and find out how compelling it is
* Code is open source
* @tcr: 2 things that would make this compelling for Reach 1) someone starts an LLVM or 2) pick up LLVM C target and see if it works
* @tcr: could throw a wrench into our current concept of supporting Rust - other targets are already Rust-ready
* Easy to see this turning into a massive project with multiple maintenance-requiring toolchain repos
* Could work fine if we don't want to try making Reach user-facing, if we just had Tessel pipe stuff over & we wrote everything in C
* It *is* possible to write Rust for the SAMD21, @tcr has done it

### Moving forward with website redesign
* Need to figure out how to get people involved – timeline, recruiting people, leader?
* Seeking champion, best if SC members aren't also leads of working groups

### Tessel bridged mode
* @nodebotanist might have gotten something working here?
* It is possible to do by toggling wifi --on and --off in a specific order (@hipsterbrown mentions)
* Not a current focus, will try to get to this in a few weeks

## Action items
### Bumped from last week
* [ ] @tcr Write a "Meet a Tesseler" about yourself.
* [ ] @hipsterbrown Draft/write the Captive Portal RFC.
* [ ] @tcr Successfully publish new templated email with SendInBlue
* [ ] @rwaldron Collect best practices for code.
* [ ] @tcr Inventorize Tessel merchandise, dig up Reach

### New
* [ ] @tcr test Node 6 supporting PR, assuming pass @hipsterbrown release CLI by next week
* [ ] @tcr write instructions for Rust T2 init, include any necessary warnings
* [ ] @tcr check feasibility of moving module tutorials with current formatting benefits over to docs
* [ ] @hipsterbrown chat with @rwaldron and @reconbot about database support and tutorial
* [ ] @hipsterbrown move toward getting someone to champion tessel.io redesign: get GH issue to ready state by next week
* [ ] @tcr lead a conversation on #engineering about a Tessel version with more storage
* [ ] @rwaldron discussion about compiler bugs bumped to next agenda
* [ ] @frijol get something started re Learning WG
* [ ] @hipsterbrown @rwaldron @tcr @frijol each write something for the TWIT by Thurs (check out the issue), @frijol send it out Monday
* [ ] @hipsterbrown publish Rahul's blog post
