# Meeting August 2 2016
Moderator: @hipsterbrown
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @rwaldron

## Agenda
https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/189

## Notes

* @hipsterbrown and @frijol worked on survey re Reach, it can go out this week, possibly via Nodebots organizers
* Not enough content for a TWIT this week
* @tcr made an account for a new (less expensive) email sending solution but didn't migrate yet
* @tcr re-set-up TELEC test rig, and it worked! Documenting in process
* @rwaldron's thoughts on how Nodebots Day went: thinking back to the first Nodebots Day a few years ago, it was messy. It didn't go well. People were confused. Last year, @reconbot and @rwaldron did a really structured one. It worked, but it was a lot of work, the whole time. This year: something like 36 people at the NYC one, majority high school students/minority adult professional or to-be professional web developers. Had an amazing time. "Best International Nodebots Day I have ever been a part of." There was only one person who experienced failure and they had just installed an unfamiliar distro of Ubuntu on a Chromebook, so. Checked them in, gave them a kit, ~4 minutes of spiel. Then people just built stuff one after another after another. And the most diverse Nodebots room yet. *Rick is very excited.* Majority PoC, majority female, lots of intersection, lots of people who had never been exposed to programming before just picking it up and making stuff at NYC Nodebots Day, easily, on T2. Great tooling. "Actually the first event I've ever done where I got to sit down at a table and actually build something."

## Action items

* [ ] @frijol check in w/ potential project champion re Reach!!
* [ ] @hipsterbrown work with @frijol to get customer feedback
* [ ] @tcr move forward on email sender migration
* [ ] @hipsterbrown and @rwaldron move forward on captive portal
* [ ] @tcr document TELEC test
* [ ] @johnnyman727 clean up issues on CLI
* [ ] @frijol add issues to all repos that they need CoCs
* [ ] @frijol do a Meet a Tesselator on self
