# Meeting July 19, 2016
Moderator: @frijol
Notes: @tcr
Attending: @johnnyman727, @hipsterbrown

## Agenda

https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/187

## Notes

### Gitbook

* gitbook org has an account created
* (free for an individual)
* we are publishing to gitbook
* kelsey is working on redirects

### Reach Needs

* a few questions on the form
* coming up with a markdown thing
* putting it in the steering committee channel
* rollover to next week

### Sweatshirts

- kelsey has a spreadsheet from when we ordered
- we have some extra's
- extra small
- some people didn't respond, probably didn't move

### TELEC

- Requirements for TELEC documented here https://gist.github.com/tcr/36cbec61bd8a52fd2094

jon editing blog post for rust
@jon re-edit this week

@frijol Check back about Reach contributiors, add information to survey

Italian PCB assembly house interested in assembling T2
- Sparkfun is in touch to talk setup and royalties

seeed exclusivity
- deferring
@johnnyman727 get in touch with seeed about contracts

@johnnyman727 button API
Nick did it
Kevin mentor or contribute

@johnnyman727 Button values Jia
We don't know
Remapped to 0 to 1 values

## New action Items

### RFC repo for tessel

- Started did a draft of an RFC based on Ember's
- Captive Portal is airport Wifi
- Captive Portal instant redirect to make it work
- Demos, usability etc.
- Tessel hidden in a component
- Want to see big features in the Tessel project
- Issues are great for bugs / tiny features
- Bigger ideas need better discussion
- "We'll use the RFC process for any feature request spanning multiple repos"

### NodeBots Day

- Adding NodeBots Day section for next Twit

### TesselCamp (schedule + activities)

- Saturday would be good for public workshops/open house
- Thursday/Friday are good days for work: Follow SC meeting in the morning with team work the rest of the day
- Goal: get community together and help have all team members meet and feel comfortable reaching out for help
- Should follow up with hacker/makerspaces (61Local, Orbital, Bocoup offices)

### Logos

* Rendered logos now published on http://github.com/tessel/logos
* Need non-corrupted SVG for publicity

### Crash Reporter

* only one trending crash... one that was fixed a while ago...?

## Action Items

* [ ] @hipsterbrown Discuss reach needs form next week
* [ ] @hipsterbrown Ask around how email lists are managed at other open source groups (2000+ subscriber lists)
* [ ] @hipsterbrown Create example RFC: Captive Portal Page Launch
* [ ] @hipsterbrown Complete TWIT for Nodebotsday
* [ ] @tcr Complete list of sweatshirts to send out
* [ ] @tcr Document setup for Seeed to recreate testing setup
* [ ] @tcr Follow up with Mailchimp about last week's email
* [ ] @frijol Merge PR necessary to test out Gitbook live
* [ ] @frijol @hipsterbrown follow up at DigitalOcean, jQuery, 61Local, Orbital, Bocoup about Tessel Camp dates
* [ ] @johnnyman727 Get Crash Reporter to automatically upload

### Next Week Items

* [ ] @frijol Punt: issue triage with everyone involved
* [ ] @frijol Punt: Revisit transparent financial reporting
* [ ] Meeting will be on Wednesday
