# Meeting 2016-04-06
Moderator: @rwaldron
Notes: @johnnyman727
Attending: @tcr, @frijol, @jorydotcom

## Agenda
* Tessel 2 Kit Marketing
* CLI Release process overhaul
* TELEC Update
* Ops Update
* T2 install issues

## Notes
* Update on shipping: all international orders have been sent out, domestic orders are pending Whiplash processing
* We have a node-usb issue that is holding up. 
* Francis is working on making a more reliable build and release for node-usb
* Tim has confirmed that he has working tests for TELEC. He still needs to put together docs for Seeed to reproduce.
* Rick made a fantastic changelog release system for the CLI. All instructions are on README.md

## Action items
* @johnnyman727 to send @jorydotcom suggestions for making accounting easier
* @tcr to send Seeed TELEC testing 
* @tcr to look into Node install issue
