# Tessel SC Meetings Notes August 16 2016

- **Moderator: @tcr**
- **Notes: @johnnyman727**
- **Attending: @frijol and @hipsterbrown**


## Agenda

[https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/194](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/194)


## Last week's action items

- [ ] @hipsterbrown draft TWIT with latest survey
- [x] @frijol should make a post with "Meet a Testalator" (for herself)
- [ ] @hipsterbrown captive portal RFC draft done in 2 weeks
- [x] @tcr send out test mailer with SendInBlue
- [x] @tcr update Window's fix gist
- [ ] @tcr draft PR to create unmaintained notice copy on tessel/cc3000-async
- [x] @johnnyman727 publish language deployment post
- [x] @johnnyman727 email Jasmine about Seeed money
- [ ] @rwaldron look into budget for TesselCamp co-working space

## This week's items
- @hipsterbrown has been reworking the networking API
- @tcr has successfully imported contacts into sendInBlue and put credentials in Passopolis
- @tcr has updated the [Windows fix gist](https://gist.github.com/tcr/992978a5dbe5bff2e18f495c5c0973c3) to point to a working fix
- We have still not yet received royalties from Seeed, Jon will send another email
- @hipsterbrown will make reservation for Tessel Camp location
- @tcr wants to delete the owner team and make team members list public
- @frijol is curious about whether we should remove anyone from the organization if they become inactive for some amount of time
- @hipsterbrown points out that people's schedule's vary and removing someone seems to present more dangers than leaving them on
- @frijol is a little worried about active maintainers being disappointed about how low the bar is for some team members
- Brief discussion about Reach champion, want bring them in for the next meeting


## Actions Items:

- [ ] @frijol should post a blog with her interview of herself
- [ ] @tcr should write "meet a tesseler" about himself
- [ ] @hipsterbrown to release a TWIT with the survey on Friday
- [ ] @hipsterbrown captive portal RFC draft done in 1 week
- [ ] @tcr to port Mailchimp template over ("try to make it look like a normal email") to sendInBlue
- [ ] @tcr to put old subscribers in a new bucket on S3
- [ ] @johnnyman727 to create a new Github issue on project repo with list of unmaintained repos
- [ ] @johnnyman727 to send another email to Seeed about royalties
- [ ] @frijol to get in touch with prospective Reach champion about attending next meeting
- [ ] Everyone should re-familiarize themselves with notes on [project vision issue](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/186)
