# Meeting June 28 2016


Moderator: @frijol Notes: @rwaldron Attending: @johnnyman727, @rwaldron, @frijol, @hipsterbrown

Additional notes: @hipsterbrown

Agenda: https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/172


## Notes

- Last Week Action Items
  - [ ] ~~@tcr email Mailchimp see if there is free option, also email Slack for the same~~
  - [x] @rwaldron @tcr @johnnyman727 @frijol look carefully over http://opencollective.com/tessel and make sure we're happy with it. Launch in TWIT 6/28
  - [ ] ~~@rwaldron @tcr @johnnyman727 @frijol review TWIT, planned send date 6/28~~
    - Changing to 6/29
  - [x] @tcr fix technical.io email addresses today
  - [x] @frijol ping Team Members about writing about themselves for the blog
  - [x] ~~@rwaldron and @johnnyman727 talk over https://github.com/tessel/t2-cli/commit/6099746a4f28838e38c5684923d6ca65fe9bce56~~
  - [x] @frijol ping Jasmin about getting Expensify accounts for the Bocoup Foundation so we can use our money
  - [x] @rwaldron investigate dates for Tessel camp re can Bocoup office host



- Open Collective
  - Kelsey reviewed and the rest of us did not :(
    - Has control over copy and reimbursements, but not sure how it all fits together
  - What does core contributor mean?
    - This needs to be fixed to mean the 
  - Jon and Rick remarked on the top most text on "hero" image, not enough contract
  - "Why become a member"  The word "member" is too confusing, especially because the word "backer" is used later. What are these roles
  - Nick explains that it's a per month donation commitment
  - Difference between a sponsor and backer


- New "This Week In Tessel" stuff for tomorrow: 
  - https://www.sparkfun.com/nodebots2016
  - https://www.sparkfun.com/products/13847


- JSConf Asia, workshop
  - Doing Low-level workshop
  - How to speak in protocols with JS
  - Logic Analyzers


- Tesselcamp
  - See action items
  - Spend money?
    - Yes to hardware stuff
    - No to venue, consessions, etc.


- Seeed changed royalties system
  - We have a report from them
  - From royalties: foundation worth approx $19K


- Telec?
  - Still incomplete. Cannot manufacture _for shipping to Japan for commercial purposes_ 
  - Windows install issues were a priority


- Transparency
  - @frijol working with Jasmin to make our accounting transparent
  - Jasmin has offered to produce monthly reports
    - We'd like graphs, easy to post monthly blogs


- Fix forums tessel/tessel.io#87
  - Francis is working on this


- Fix blog tessel/tessel.io#86
  - Possibly tumblr not authenticating?


- Move forward with docs gitbook tessel/t2-docs#51
  - How to deploy?
  - Let's ask Francis


- Next steps for Rust? 
  - tessel/tessel-rust#7 
  - tessel/tessel-rust#3
  - Remote cross compiler server
    - Docker thing
    - Ask Francis to advise
  - Local cross compilation
    - rustup

  - Needs to have the built-in JS library ported to Rust
  - Needs all the module libraries


- Next steps for Reach? #142
  - See action items


- Move next week meeting to Wednesday, 3:30 EST


- Invitation to NodeConf EU



## Action Items

- [ ] @tcr email Mailchimp see if there is free option, also email Slack for the same
- [ ] @rwaldron is sending the TWIT and posting the accompanying blog (yikes) 6/28
- [ ] @tcr what's up with the hoodies?
- [ ] @frijol to remove Python tab from homepage
- [ ] @rwaldron follow up Tessel Camp dates with Francis
  - Reminder: 
  > Bocoup office Tribeca would probably work, @rwaldron's house for a cookout one of the nights? Let's investigate these potential dates: 8/25-27, 9/1-3, mayyybe 9/8-10 but the others are preferred. Expected attendance: all the SC members, as many team members as we can get, other people who are interested. Likely 20 or fewer people.
- [ ] @hipsterbrown talk to meetup about an "intro to tessel"
- [ ] @frijol make an issue: what is "tessel camp"
- [ ] @tcr to finish telec
- [ ] @frijol take a look at the blog and find out why its not authenticating
- [ ] @frijol @hipsterbrown to wrap up the gitbook and ping Francis re: deployment
- [ ] @johnnyman727 and @hipsterbrown 
- [ ] @rwaldron to reach to out to Dave Herman re: Rust core team 
- [ ] @johnnyman727 to write a "how to make a language deployment plugin"
- [ ] Everyone read, review and respond to https://github.com/tessel/this-week-in-tessel/pull/27





