# Meeting 04/26/16
Moderator: @tcr
Notes: @johnnyman727
Attending: @rwaldron, @frijol

## Agenda

* Check in on last week's action items
* Updates on most urgent issues
* Talk about what's next for us as an org, our individual commitment, etc.
* New team members
* Tessel Reach
* Labels for issues/PRs

## Notes

### Looking over last week's action items
* @frijol needs to figure out what inventory we want to keep in Whiplash
* @johnnyman727 sent out a message to the community about finding an "install champion" but got no responses
* VMs aren't viable for install experience integration because they never work exactly as the hardware
* @frijol has heard desire for both CLI and T2 runtime support for Node 5 and 6.
* We had a false alarm with Node 5.x support for CLI - it seems to work just fine.
* @frijol fixed the reseller page
* @tcr worked hard to get Windows 10 support on a firmware patch. Needs a bit more testing before ready to go.

### What's next for us as an org?
* Tim wants to get Windows support and TELEC support finished before thinking about future things
* Jon wants to get all install processes smoothed out and @hipsterbrown's mDNS discovery PR merged before moving on
* Rick wants to work on taking more advantage of the dual-processor design (less polling), has 2-3 years in him left for T2 hardware alone
* Kelsey wants to spend more time thinking at a high level about what to work on next

### Tessel Reach
* A partner has gotten in touch about interest manufacturing Tessel Reach
* Tessel Reach is in a state of ~50% completion. The hardware in theory works but we have not yet flashed code onto it
* We would need to write all of the firmware for parsing commands over BLE, connecting, etc.
* @rwaldron will "reach" (hehe) back out to the manufacturer for more data about how interested they are and share the spec.

### New Team Members
* New Team Member proposed and approved!
* Hopefully the new Team Member will be responsible for adding labels to existing issues

## Action items
- [ ] @johnnyman727 will make another attempt at finding install champions
- [ ] @rwaldron will talk to Francis about the install CI for Serialport to see if can apply here
- [ ] @tcr to get hoodie order put together on Friday
- [ ] @tcr didn't have a chance to look into cached builds on AWS. Will do it this week.
- [ ] @rwaldron will get in touch with new Team Member
