# Meeting DATE
Moderator: @hipsterbrown
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @johnnyman727, @rwaldron

## Agenda
https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/178

## Notes
### From last week's action items
* Python tabs removed from homepage
* Tesselcamp weekend Sept 1-3 is preferred by attendees, need to confirm space availability
* If we want to do Nodebots space in NYC at Tesselcamp, get in touch at least 2 weeks in advance. @hipsterbrown will do this when dates solidify
* Rust community is getting going
* Multiple language support plugin is basically good to go

### Thinking about vision, esp. Reach
* @frijol wants all members of SC to be unsurprised by everything in the proposed blog post before it goes live https://github.com/tessel/this-week-in-tessel/pull/27
* Where are we at re: Reach tech stack? Have we made a call on this being BLE, or is this something we still want to spitball about/further explore?
* Blog post with vision can be more vague, but if so we need to figure out what more information we need before we make a decision
* Potentially interested manufacturer has researched our existing hardware & cited $7 BOM cost assuming we use BLE like we had initially planned. Does this pull our decision?
* Decision should be steered by use case. Concern with BLE is shortness of range. Seek discussion from community: what would you expect/want out of this device?
* Can interview key users/people building this sort of thing to validate what parameters we should set
* We did research to select BLE when we originally designed Reach, can look at that documentation. But it's out of date now
* Anything a year ago was made by people who hadn't yet tried T2, now there are people who use T2s every day and want to try them as base stations
* Sounds like we should do more research before declaring a tech spec. Now to figure out how this research will be carried out/on what timescale
* Would be a good idea to do a call for use case needs from the community in a structured format (e.g. Google form). This can be linked from Reach issue and/or blog post
* A bit weird to depend on a comm protocol not natively hardware-supported with T2 - but we could sell a dongle packaged with Reach boards e.g. dongle + set of 4 Reaches
* BLE is cool because you can use it with mobile/things that aren't T2
* Let's get on this, talk to manufacturer and figure out our needs.
* @johnnyman727: someone should be PM on this. That way they can make decisions on this and move it forward
* @rwaldron: aka the "champion" model we built in the RFC repo https://github.com/tessel/rfcs
* So... who? We should invite someone

### Rust next steps
* This is moving along, @johnnyman727 just wrote this "state of Rust/next steps/how to help" https://gist.github.com/johnnyman727/f76616edc71a8646b27b27809ea464c6
* New people just joined this Rust project and are in #rust-lang, excited to get started. We're in a good position to support this at the moment.

### Seeed contract
* Technically it has expired, though things are continuing normally. This is an opportunity, as they no longer have exclusivity. Anything we want out of a renegotiation? We expect they want to continue in a similar vein for at least the next year
* Interest in getting multiple manufacturers?
* Challenge in sourcing one of the memory modules (price-wise) stateside, this one might be hard to swap out pin-compatibly. Are we interested in this?
* More manufacturers would also require the building/debugging of new test rigs
* Would be great to get more memory if we're swapping out the memory module, since people occasionally hit memory constraints
* Sparkfun & Italian manufacturers are talking to each other about T2 manufacturing. What all is going on there? Should get more knowledge
* What do we want out of manufacturing in the next year? @frijol mentions three needs: (1) get similar royalties to what we're getting now
(2) have good communication (3) be consistently in stock
* @hipsterbrown: can that language go into the contract, e.g. a fine if out of stock for X days, etc.
* @johnnyman727: not sure a contractual obligation would actually change things. Leverage is tricky because we don't want to be without a manufacturer for the several months it would take if we need to change
* Current contract with Seeed requires that they keep stuff in stock, but there's no penalty listed
* Would be good to get better warning re stock listed for the community (more similar to Sparkfun's stock display)

### Button API
* This issue has been open forever https://github.com/tessel/t2-firmware/issues/107
* Holding button while power applied boots T2 into DFU bootloader mode. Will we have other use cases like this? @rwaldron notes that if we expose the button in the API, we can't ever claim it for e.g. power cycle
* @frijol: usually, when users aren't clamoring for a feature, we don't build the feature because there's not a lot of point in doing that work. Not a lot of people are asking for the button to be exposed, or for it to be a reset button. So.. let's just leave it alone
* @hipsterbrown: it is really nice to have LEDs out of the box to blink, input as a button out of the box would be a similarly good idea
* @frijol: Agreed, we should do better with an input function. T2 should serve a button interface, this is a more exciting to our users (remote control!)
* This makes sense - we should possibly move the remote control demo sooner in the start experience because this is really compelling.
* Resolution: make an issue to update docs about the button (right now we mention it and don't do anything with it)
* Let's just turn it into a power cycle button, we would use this.

### this-week-in-tessel
* We should include a "thanks, specific contributor, for X contribution" each month
* Can put links in TWIT for community research

### Analog read API docs vs. firmware discrepancy
* https://github.com/tessel/t2-firmware/issues/175
* Seems like the firmware was just implemented wrong. We haven't released a 1.0, so we can fix this
* Unless there was a good reason to do this? Jon check with Jia why it is that way, otherwise update issue and fix to 0-1 API range

## Action items
### Punt from last week
* [ ] @tcr email MailChimp about if we can get the service free
* [ ] @tcr status of hoodies?
* [ ] @rwaldron solidify dates with @reconbot re Tesselcamp
* [ ] @tcr TELEC status? People in Japan want to buy J5IKs for Nodebots Day and currently can't

### New this week
* [ ] @hipsterbrown follow up with @reconbot re deployment, maybe gitbooks.io with redirect? also @frijol
* [ ] @johnnyman727 post the Rust getting-started gist to the blog
* [ ] @johnnyman727 write up something about multiple language support plugin for public knowledge
* [ ] @frijol investigate if there is someone who might be interested in championing Reach
* [ ] @rwaldron finish reading over https://github.com/tessel/this-week-in-tessel/pull/27 and comment
* [ ] @johnnyman727 message @reconbot about Sparkfun/Italian manufacturer discussion
* [ ] @johnnyman727 talk to Jory about potential upsides/downsides to exclusivity in new contract negotiations
* [ ] @frijol get in touch with @tcr and make sure he can make Tesselcamp dates
* [ ] @johnnyman727 update issues surrounding button API in firmware and docs
* [ ] @hipsterbrown draft a Google form getting community research re Reach needs
* [ ] @johnnyman727 check with Jia on why analog values are mapped 0-3.3 instead of 0-1
