# Meeting 2/9/16
Moderator: @johnnyman727
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @rwaldron, @tcr

## Agenda
[Agenda](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/131#issuecomment-181953671)

## Notes
* Jon received 95 Tessels in their packaging - it looks.. fine but not as pretty as T1 packaging. Yay!
* Jon got test rig running! And the Debian image almost working properly. Been working on making the test rigs work properly and more efficiently; ~12 things to fix before send back to Seeed.
* Main issue with test rig: it's currently running 0.10 and an old branch of the CLI; if we want to use the master CLI we will have to update the node version on the test rig. Not sure why it was on such an old version, checking with Kevin
* Test rig only turns on when plugged in to Debian machine but not Mac, not sure why but maybe that's fine?
* Milestone update - Jon reviewing a PR for @hipsterbrown's networking capabilities to finish out the things on the list, planning to do the next release tomorrow. [View milestones](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/106)
* Jon wants to put out a release for T1. There is one major incompatibility: passing in a callback for pin.read is handled differently. Wants to handle that in T1 firmware and then never touch it again. Everyone is fine with this idea.
* We need to do better at communicating as a team - remember that if someone's reaching out to you it's ok to be busy (and say you're busy) but not ok to just not respond
* If @tcr can make @rwaldron a co-npm publisher for the audiovideo module, @rwaldron will take on co-maintaninership
* Audiovideo module is technically ... complicated. We now have embedded Python in Javascript being used to detect C - `¯\_(ツ)_/¯`. @rwaldron has been exploring the mysteries. This is now within sight, it's a pretty substantial milestone in binary module support
* Potential price adjustments for second-round Tessels? Seeed wants more margin; we want Seeed to be incentivized to keep making our boards. How much is too much? More $/board also enables Seeed to sell to resellers, which we (on behalf of customers) want. $45 seems like the highest number we're comfortable with, under $40 would be better. It's kinda up to us. Tessel costs like $12 just in parts, $40 is not unreasonable. Since you can't really raise the price later, let's try $44.95 and see how that sits with the market (customers, resellers). We can drop if we need to - main objective is to get more boards out there, and resellers enables this.
* Reducing module prices: @jia negotiated cheaper prices with Seeed to make these. We would like to bring the prices down, a good number would be $20/40 instead of $25/50. We will back-burner this a bit, it doesn't fit well with finally shipping T2.
* Dojo foundation: do we want to mentor a high school student in Google Summer of Code? They would work on some Tessel-related project; we would supply a mentor. What are the hours committed? Several of us are interested.
* MediumOne wants to add a block to our first run experience that shows how to use their API. They would work with us/accept feedback on the PR, and we'd get some kickback from the link.
* @frijol: what is the line between first run (FRE) and tutorials? Original intent of the first run was the minimum viable knowledge to get started with Tessel. It's grown a lot since then, but we need to be careful that it doesn't become an endless first run
* We all like the idea of encouraging companies to contribute tutorials, we'll think more on this later but in the meanwhile try it out.
* Need more compute credit. Jon taking this on

## Action items
* @johnnyman727 and @tcr have a firmware update party for the 95 Tessels and then send them to fulfillment house to kick of U.S. distribution
* @johnnyman727 doing test rig fixes, finish by next week
* @johnnyman727 review the last PR for the latest milestone, do a release tomorrow
* @johnnyman727 do a brief final update to T1 firmware
* @johnnyman727 get a quote for test rigs
* @johnnyman727 put docs sublistings on milestones
* @tcr give @rwaldron publish rights on the audiovideo npm module
* @johnnyman727 @rwaldron @tcr @frijol think of project ideas for Google Summer of Code - we will talk about this next week
* @johnnyman727 get back to MediumOne and tell them we're interested in having their tutorial somewhere on our site
* @johnnyman727 follow up on getting more compute credit
* @johnnyman727 push out to #team-members: people are getting their T2s as early as (date? soon) - here are some ways you could pitch in at the last minute
