# Meeting 2/17/16
Moderator: @tcr
Notes: @johnnyman727
Attending: @rwaldron, @frijol

## Agenda
[Agenda](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/133)

## Notes

### Ops Update
* 2600 more PCBs have already been made. Fixed FCC ID did not make it on to them.
* Seeed wants to place new FCC ID and Telec number on next 1400 boards.
* That will require Tim to continue getting TELEC certification finished.
* @johnnyman727 improved test rig throughput by 16% and sent them back to Seeed yesterday.
* Seeed will receive test rigs and continue production on Monday.
* We expect next 2600 to be finished by one week after Monday and fulfillment to begin then.
* We still need put together script that sync Whiplash and Celery US orders to ship out 94 units.
* Seeed now has pricing info set so the pre-order page for T2 should be up soon.

### Seeed Pricing and Sales
* Seeed would like to have a Bazaar sale with 4 Tessel modules in March. We're all okay with that.
* Seeed sent us volume pricing information for Tessel 2:

| Volume     | Price  |
|------------|--------|
| retail (1) | $44.45 |
| 10+        | $40    |
| 50+        | $36.50 |
| 100+       | $34.95 |
* We'd like to find out if a 1000+ tier is available.


### Google Summer of Code
* @tcr is interested in mentoring on behalf of Tessel but needs to further research time investment.
* @johnnyman727 will help with project ideas if neccessary.

### Binary Module Update
* @rwaldron has finished a series of patches about missing binary dependencies but there is still some
question about how we should handle a few cases. [A specific issue](https://github.com/tessel/t2-cli/issues/577) has been made to discuss it.
@rwaldron is planning to use the `tessel` key within the package.json to get around one of 
the false positive cases and not print a scary warning message.

### Grove Modules
* @frijol is interested in getting a Tessel to Grove adapter made. Wants Seeed to lead the charge.
* Will pursue with Seeed over email.

### Project Transparency
* @frijol brings up that we should be more transparent about shipping expectations.
* We agree that we should send a shipping update but need to confirm with Seeed first.
* @frijol is worried that some users will be upset about various features we haven't finished yet.
* Part of the solution is clear documentation about what does and does not work and where in the process it's at.
* We need to ensure they are all on the milestone list.
* Current unfinshed features that we're worried about:
    * `pin.pulseIn` (@johnnyman727 has started a branch with an implementation, needs to get working and clean up)
    * `pin.pwm` (@johnnyman727 used PWM to make the booting LED 'breathe' but it needs to be implemented for the rest of the pins)
    * Neopixels (nobody is working on this as far as we know)
    * Rust support (@johnnyman727 has built a working "Hello World" implementation but it hasn't been merged or tested)
    * Python support (nobody is working on this as far as we know)

### Book News!
* @frijol and Patrick Mulder's book is almost available! (*Embedded Node*)

## Action items
- [ ] @tcr will send @johnnyman727 an email draft with current state of TELEC testing
- [ ] @johnnyman727 put together script for syncing US Celery orders with Whiplash
- [ ] @johnnyman727 to tell module sale is :+1: and gather promo material.
- [ ] @johnnyman727 to ask Seeed about 1k tier
- [ ] @tcr to investigate Google Summer of Code and apply within next two days
- [ ] @johnnyman727 will open a thread with Seeed and cc @frijol and @tcr about Grove adapter
- [ ] @johnnyman727 will get in touch with Seeed to come to agreement on timeline and then draft email
