# Meeting October 4, 2016

Moderator: @Frijol 
note-taker: @rwaldron


## Discussion

- Nick working on Captive Portal for Empire Node
- Kelsey's trip to storage
  - Reach prototype might not exist, it might be a Gosper
- Kelsey assessed module docs and start docs pages
  - Needs to address re-org more concretely
- No new stickers because Kelsey found a bunch!
- We love slack for debugging
- Jia's Reach board
  - Rick needs "next step" doc from Sparkfun
  - Pinged Derek in middle of meeting
- Get Working Groups going
  - How?
  - Not much order
  - Reach Working Group
    - Tim offers to lead
  - Learning Working Group
    - Misnamed?
- Hacktoberfest
  - Three PRs get merged/submitted in a month gives you a shirt
  - "Hoodie Camp" as a model for first issues
  - tessel-rust: local compilation is getting there
  - tuesday meeting next week, 5:30pm again (until further notice)
- Seeed Device Testing
  - https://gist.github.com/rwaldron/4e4afee850adcebeb7eea61e2f74550a

  
## Action Items

- [ ] @tcr to propose start experience changes
- [ ] @hipsterbrown Draft/write a Captive Portal RFC. (kicked to next week)
- [ ] @hipsterbrown Recruit people for Tessel.io redesign
- [ ] @tcr #engineering discussion about Tessel 2
- [ ] @tcr "Meet a Tesseler" about yourself.
- [ ] @tcr TELEC testing
- [ ] @tcr Add signup process to website
- [ ] @hipsterbrown add signup for newsletter
- [ ] @kelsey write a baseline initial agenda
- [ ] @frijol @hipsterbrown Add Hacktoberfest labels for issues
- [ ] @tcr Add Hacktoberfest tags to Rust
- [ ] @hipsterbrown Tweet out Hacktoberfest
- [ ] @hipsterbrown Next TWIT, speaking JSConf Asia,
