# Meeting 2016-04-12

- Moderator: @frijol
- Notes: @rwaldron
- Attending: @tcr, @frijol, @johnnyman727, @rwaldron


## Notes

- Triaging Issues?
  - Used to post on forum and screen incoming github issues
    - Many repos
    - People file issues in the wrong repos
    - Determining difference between user error and "system" error
    - More team members 
  - Need more community members leveled up
  - Directing users to trouble shooting guides
  - Slack vs. Forum vs. Github
    - Forum is lonely
    - Slack is an onslaught
      - Simple questions are ok
      - Move discussion to forum for more involved support 
        - This has the benefit of making all support public/transparent
    - Github should be last stop, where real issues are filed
  - Specific issues...
    - Windows 10
      - Tim is working on VM in order to make debugging possible
      - Rick can reality check on real Windows 10 machine

- Packs to propose to Seeed
  - We love 'em!

- Hackathon packs to be issued by @frijol
- Discussing tessel/project#146
  - Do we want to augment the process to accomodate?
    - The current process doesn't lower the barrier to entry, it actually improves contribution quality of new contributors to the project, which bolsters there confidence as a team member. 
    - Tim doesn't want to change the policy
    - Rick doesn't want to change the policy, but is willing to be more flexible for _first_ time only
    - Kelsey doesn't want to change the policy
    - Jon doesn't want to change the policy
  - More discussion and we've concretely agreed to stick with the existing policy, because we have all had very positive experiences in this and other projects. 




- [x] @rwaldron, @tcr, @frijol, @hipsterbrown to check notifications settings on the forum and get notified
- [x] @johnnyman727, make post that provides guidance. Make it sticky
- [x] @tcr, @rwaldron to work on Windows 10
- [ ] @rwaldron to ask Leo @ bocoup to help with Linux install
- [x] @frijol to determine a "stock" situation for the Hackathon packs
- [x] @johnnyman727 to relay decision about tessel/project#146
