# Meeting Nov 29, 2016
Moderator: @tcr
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @hipsterbrown

## Agenda

https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/224

## Notes

* Seeed needs an authorization letter to sell on Amazon, @frijol loop in Jory for legal support, make sure to pull the items that we don't support anymore from the list they sent
* Ops funding should go to the foundation (we have money, this is what it's for). This is currently hooked up correctly, we should make sure @reconbot is able to update as needed while keeping the billing hooked up properly
* @tcr needs to get billing set up for SendInBlue - currently bills to him
* TELEC: it works, email has not been sent to Seeed
* @tcr might not make next meeting

### Reach WG
* Jia made a schematic for Reach, parts list is needed. This is the next thing.
* No one is currently playing with the ESP32, several people have them but the tutorials/docs were't there yet. Sparkfun now has a guide up, need to check it out
* @tcr wants to see some sample code running on the ESP32, best to do that before the end of November so people can play over the holidays
* Can we send an ESP32 to Patrick Mulder? Probably. Currently out of stock on Adafruit.. @frijol will ask

### Production WG nee Learning WG
* @frijol rename learning to production. This lets us focus better– originally it was meant as docs maintenance + creating a guide for taking T2 to production. We have inbound interest from people who want to build products and we want to support them

### Website WG
* @hipsterbrown called this out in the last TWIT, hoping to get update out in spring

### Last week stuff
* @tcr working on blog post for Rust, still working on it. Will now include maintenance issues in post (frequent LTS releases requiring manual update on our end). Plan is to get post ready for review this week.
* Blog post about IoT security– we have some progress on this, looking at Tessel's implementation, Nick started a draft. Tessel 2 is pretty secure, let's show it off! "here's what IoT security is, it's device implementation rather than IoT as a problem, here's how we do it"
* T2 case - @hipsterbrown @rwaldron and @noopkat are working on this, @noopkat wants to show an open design process/release on Thingiverse. @noopkat is building + has a 3D printer. @hipsterbrown wants to create a 3D model of T2 & can get help from Autodesk to design. Case design requirements? For mounting on a wall (flat) vs carrying around (small footprint)
* Captive portal performance API. @hipsterbrown got captive portal installed on Tessel! It was a weird process, but successfully compiled/working on configuration. Will then move on to building API for this.

## Action items

### @frijol
* @frijol loop in Jory for legal support re Seeed Auth letter, make sure to pull the items that we don't support anymore from the list they sent
* @frijol go through Passopolis and make sure the entries are (1) relevant (2) not Jon's email and (3) have Bocoup's address rather than a defunct one in Berkeley
* @frijol see if Patrick can play around with an ESP32
* @frijol rename learning-wg to production-wg

### @tcr
* @tcr make sure our Team email has the correct access rights, @hipsterbrown make sure you can get in
* @tcr make sure @reconbot has all the information he needs to fund our ops infrastructure
* @tcr Expensify any personal SendInBlue expenses
* @tcr email Jory so the foundation gets billed directly
* @tcr email Seeed with the TELEC information so we can legally sell in Japan
* @tcr check in with Jory re production project idea
* @tcr get Rust blog post ready for review

### @hipsterbrown
* @hipsterbrown get IoT security blog post ready for review
* @hipsterbrown reach out to @ebruchez on Slack to learn about case design requirements for a completed T2 project
