# Meeting Dec. 21 2016
Moderator: @hipsterbrown
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @tcr

## Agenda
https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/228

## Notes

### Last Week's Action Items

Bumping to next week

- @tcr Make sure @reconbot has all the information he needs to fund our ops infrastructure
- @tcr Expensify previous SendInBlue, switch over
- @tcr Check in about production opportunity
- @tcr PR for new Rust blog post & assign Kelsey as reviewer
- @tcr Change PayPal account foundation --> tried but it didn't work, keep trying
- @tcr Look into documentation for updating Nod

Done
- @frijol Touch base with Jasmin about updates, also QBOnline
- @frijol Shut down MailChimp
- @frijol Check in with devs interested in ESP32 prototyping
- @hipsterbrown Ping about case design requirements --> working with Suz on this in the next year

### This week agenda
* Updating OpenWRT builds: what is the extent of the testing we need to do? Bocoup could host a physical test cluster, pends documentation on update from @tcr. This would help us interface with pending Node updates (talking to Node/Myles)
* Priority for update documentation is how to update Node version on our OpenWRT build
* Support: we are getting more than usual support requests on forums, twitter, Slack. More to the point, we aren't great about answering support requests on forums. How do we address?
* Suggestion to check in to forums and see if there is some category of support that needs more documentation or bugfixing
* Would be useful to generally use forums as a source of things we should document better
* Bocoup Foundation is becoming an entity with more than one project next year, Boaz will be in charge of that. We should get together and discuss vision for Bocoup Foundation, how Tessel fits in that

## Action items
* [ ] @frijol check in with Kas re ESP32 thoughts
* [ ] @frijol check in with Jia re BOM
* [ ] @tcr Make sure @reconbot has all the information he needs to fund our ops infrastructure
* [ ] @tcr Expensify previous SendInBlue, switch over
* [ ] @tcr Check in about production opportunity
* [ ] @tcr PR for new Rust blog post & assign Kelsey as reviewer
* [ ] @tcr Change PayPal account foundation --> tried but it didn't work, keep trying
* [ ] @tcr Look into documentation for updating Node
* [ ] @hipsterbrown see if there are emergent categories of support on forums that we can address through docs/bugs fixes
* [ ] @tcr help @frijol figure out what Rust things need documentation/can be documented
* [ ] @tcr make an autoposting forums channel in Slack so we have better visibility into support needs/acknowledge people who have issues
* [ ] @frijol schedule meeting between Boaz and Steering Committee
* [ ] @tcr get something reimbursed through OpenCollective
* [ ] @hipsterbrown Tessel security blog post
