# Meeting March 8 2016
Moderator: @johnnyman727
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @tcr

## Agenda

[Agenda](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/138)

## Notes

### Manufacturing Update

* Seeed called this morning, they forgot to put on a couple of capacitors (???). Luckily they don't really matter, they're just some extra decoupling capacitors from the reference design for the USB power switching line. They still pass the tests. We have given the go-ahead (after checking with electrical engineering) to just leave them off for the 2600 they've already done and tested, but put them on for any future batches. Re-assembling would take another ~week, and we don't think it will cause any issues (but if it does we'll work it out in support)
* They hope to be done by Friday
* 2500 out of 2600 have been SMT tested, not sure how many have gone through through-hole soldering and testing
* TELEC: we know the parameters, @tcr ran tests over the weekend, was not able to get the power modes they were trying to accomplish. Will keep hacking at it. Need to understand more by reading more of the source code.

### Milestones

* @johnnyman727 tried out camera and audio, camera worked great but couldn't get audio working. Filed an issue, hoping @rwaldron looks into this shortly
* @hipsterbrown receives SIM shortly, should start working on that soon
* @rwaldron mentions Bocoup might be up for contracting @johnnyman727 to work on PWM, might work but Jon is traveling shortly, should figure this out sooner rather than later
* Updating over USB: @johnnyman727 discussing with @kevinmehall how we might support updating older boards with out of date OpenWRT

### Action Item Update

* @rwaldron work on PWM - didn't but maybe @johnnyman727 is going to do this now
* @rwaldron working on USB module tutorials
* @frijol made a spec for what a hackathon pack is that we can use for contributors to give workshops
* @frijol and @johnnyman727 sorted through shed and catalogued inventory of Technical Machine things that we still have. There is a ridiculous amount of stuff, basically every dev board ever in at least 10x. And probably 50lbs of random cables. Old T1 stuff should get donated somewhere, we have a lot of that too.
* @johnnyman727 made a contract to get paid $2k by the foundation finish out ops work. Done and approved.
* @frijol found out that Tessel Project gets to buy Tessels/modules from Seeed at distributor prices. Not sure what price exactly this is.

### IP Transfer

* Bocoup Foundation sent over paperwork so it can own the IP that Technical Machine once owned. We should have done this with Dojo Foundation and with jQuery Foundation but they never sent us paperwork. We are signing this over.

### JSConf UY wants to do a workshop

* Haven't heard back from them in a while, not sure exactly what they want.

## Action items

* @tcr make criteria for whether or not we should continue hacking on TELEC - timeline this
* @rwaldron figure out Passopolis
* @tcr come over and get some
* @tcr document Amazon referral links
* @frijol ask team members about sweatshirt sizes
* @tcr send @frijol sweatshirt graphics
* @johnnyman727 ping Michael about making kits/packs
* @frijol email Michael telling him what events Tessel people are speaking/workshopping at so they can promote it
* @frijol find out what distributor prices actually are for all of our products
* @johnnyman727 find out if we should transfer our funds to Bocoup Foundation too
