# Meeting 2017-04-12

**Moderator:** @frijol  
**Notetaker:** @tcr  
**Attending:** @hipsterbrown  

## Discussion

**Hosting**
- Dokku instance on either AWS or DigitalOcean

**Node 6 Update**
- Rick work on Node 6 update, as well as other team members, no dice
- The linker for MIPSEL might have issues with a newer version of GCC
- Jon suggested we are using that version, so we're in an impass
- Track what is going on with Onion IoT as well

**3G support**
- We have the steps for working on adding 3G support, but we aren't
too familiar with adding new packages to OpenWRT
- We would need an unlimited Simcard from Sparkfun, etc.
- [Follow tracking issue for 3G support](https://github.com/tessel/t2-cli/issues/541)
- [Sparkfun sells a T-Mobile SIM card for](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/retired/13186)
- [Alternative SIM card prepaid](https://prepaid-phones.t-mobile.com/prepaid-phone/T-Mobile-Prepaid-3-in-1-SIM-Starter-Kit)
- Maybe put out a call for 3G developers by comping module and SIM card
- Would be cool in general to fund some features we need development


**Headerless T2**
- It's started! Test rig is underway, cost is stil unknown!

**Writing a guide on USB support**
- Qualifications for supporting a USB device

**Team Member Updates**
- Page with the documentation on it was pretty out of date
- @frijol updated the page with lots of relevant information
- Pretty comprehensive PR with specific things a team member is

**OpenCollective**
- Start advertising on OpenCollective
- Add information to Github README
- Look into whether it's dynamic or non-dynamic

**Working Group**
- Production: moving forward!
- Reach: Reach-oriented TWIT? If not by end-of-day, then in the future
- Website: If we have a team together that doesn't have enough to do on GUTS. New blog posts on Azure and Meet a Tesselator!
- Rust: No update there.

## Action Items

- @hipsterbrown do testing of Wifi for CLI and Firmware
- @hipsterbrown Look up more information on the 3G module work
- @rwaldron Walk through what issues exist with the Node 6 upgrade
- @rwaldron Ask about sales of modules from new vendors
- @tcr Set up a Dokku instance 
- @tcr Setting up a meeting about ESP32 development
- @tcr Update links for Amazon modules on the website
- @tcr OpenCollective integration into Github README
- @frijol Talk about projects with mentorship and fixed prices
- @frijol Check in next week about headerless boards
- @frijol Send Team Members proposal to the channel, @all review said proposal
