# Meeting May 22 2017

Moderator: @rwaldron

Notes: @frijol

Attending: @hipsterbrown, @tcr

## Agenda

<https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/287>

## Notes

### Last Week's Action items

- [ ] @tcr Set up next meeting with Boaz - about to do this
- [x] @tcr Look up Technical Machine internship documentsâ€“ looked, but didn't find anything all that useful
- [ ] @hipsterbrown Plan a group design session for Website- didn't get to this but will.

### How do we best surface updates to our userbase?

- There is an impression at least from some users that we haven't done any major updates since September
- We have. How do we make it visible that we are continuously working on stuff?
- How much is it our responsibility to keep users aware of our updates vs. them checking stuff?
- We have beautiful changelogs...
- User looked for blog, firmware update, wasn't impressed with updates
- Blogging with frequency has benefit
- We could throw changelogs up onto somewhere visible on our site as part of the redesign

### What is a good way to interact with workshops that don't support us financially?

- If you are asked to give a workshop at a conf but they expect you to provide materials for the participants, what are good ways of going about this?
- Have organizers charge participants for the workshop & use this to cover costs
- Have organizers find a company to specially sponsor your workshop

### Working group updates

#### Reach

- What is our goal for a wifi/BLE enabled device? Let's make sure it's practical for us to use/play around with. @tcr working on stuff, expect updates

#### Production

- @frijol need to check in with Seeed re headerless Tessels

### TWIT

- RGSOC - Tessel announced! :+1::+1::heart::tada: <https://railsgirlssummerofcode.org/blog/>
- Someone needs to write this

### Node 6 support

- @kevinmehall did some amazing work on this
- @rwaldron now has a T2 running with the updated version, but something is not working with the Wifi on it. Needs to investigate further
- T2 is poised to be the first single-board computer that runs Node 6\. We're so clooose
- @tcr will take a crack at it, has tried debugging this type of stuff before
- Relevant issue: <https://github.com/tessel/openwrt-tessel/pull/72#issuecomment-301801780>

### Support weeks

- Scheduling mechanism is challenging because we all have fairly in-motion schedules
- Immediate response is not necessarily a good idea for us because it gives a false impression of on-the-spot support. Within-a-day might be a better idea
- Automation for pinging people about older-than-a-day open issues so we don't lose stuff
- @frijol: found support weeks weirdly similar to not-having-support-weeks
- Want to involve team members in support. Solicit the input of a few individuals to pilot this?
- We do all try to give support when we can. It's a helpful community.

## Action items

- [ ] @tcr set up next meeting with Boaz
- [ ] @tcr produce info from internship mentoring at Technical Machine to use for mentorship within the Tessel Project
- [ ] @hipsterbrown Plan a group design session for Website
- [ ] @rwaldron make a note on the website
- [ ] @frijol change meetings to Wednesdays at the same time
- [ ] @frijol check in with Seeed re headerless Tessels
- [ ] @tcr try debugging the Node 6 branch's Wifi issue
- [ ] @tcr start a TWIT
- [ ] @tcr investigate methods for slackbot to ping support people in a randomized method when an issue is older than a day
