# Meeting April 18 2017

Moderator: @HipsterBrown

Notes: @frijol

Attending: @rwaldron, @tcr

## Agenda

<https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/265>

## Notes

### Accomplishments of the last week

- @HipsterBrown added 100% coverage for t2-cli Wifi
- @tcr found <https://protyposis.net/blog/using-the-huawei-e3372-hi-link-lte-dongle-with-openwrt/> for using Huawei
- @tikurahul is digging into Node 6 support on the board :tada:
- @tcr updated 3G link on modules page
- @tcr put OpenCollective on the Tessel Project

### Discussion: should we offer money to people to develop features?

- Thinking about contracting out projects. To start this, would need to draft out an initial list. This is prompted by "someone should get 3G done" sentiment - @tcr suggested just buying the materials for someone, @frijol suggested that if we want this, we could offer to pay someone to do it
- @rwaldron mentions that Reach hasn't been funded, so is 3G worth more?
- How do we balance the fact that we all work for free while someone else gets to get paid for something? This is maybe not a great idea.
- Remembering: this is an open source project, we've made it as approachable as we can, and it's not central to our roadmap. If someone needs it strongly, they are enabled by us to solve their problem. So far, they haven't needed it enough to do the work.
- We have money, it would be great to use it to solve our problems for things central to our roadmap. Reach could be a great first scenario for this.
- @rwaldron has an unlimited data SIM, @HipsterBrown was interested in this project and wants to pair on it. Might be a fun weekend project to get 3G up and running...
- Conclusion of paying for work: process would be that we come up with full spec & fixed price, might specifically seek people to tackle. We are open to this as a group but are not currently pushing forward a "bounty" product
- Headerless boards: going into production! Should have materials at factory 4/27

### Ops update

- @tcr update on Heroku: moved stuff off so we don't pay for it. tessel-slack.herokuapp.com now goes to slackin.tessel.io, using dokku for T1 start experience, dokku is ready for anything we need to
- This is an effort to have everything as either managed by Bocoup ops or on easy/cheap/managed servers. Also saves us 20/month
- We should try to get digitalocean creds, we used to have them (and we show them on our homepage). Think they expired, and it's like $50-100/month
- @tcr wants to move off of Passopolis because it is not managed. Also doesn't have a mobile component, so we should switch to something else. Let's figure out what's secure & affordable.

### Discussion: support weeks

- We tried "support weeks" for the last month, where each of us is the support point person for a week at a time. The role: give issue triage, first support. Idea is not to completely solve every issue that comes in, but to help people feel listened to and point them in the right direction if possible
- @HipsterBrown - thought it worked pretty well, fairly simple, not that many questions
- @frijol - not a lot of questions, but still a bit stressful. Felt like community members valued the quick responses, but their problems were not locally replicable. Was relieved when the week ended, but would be happy do it again every few months
- @tcr - forgot about it! Also was on call for work. Needed a reminder...
- @rwaldron - generally tries to get on top of support requests as they come in, not necessarily to solve, but to ensure that there is response & we help people help themselves as much as plausible
- Wasn't clear whose week it was supposed to be, you don't worry about it when not your week
- How would we implement this long-term? Logistical challenge: who is responsible, how would you reschedule, how to know who is supposed to be doing it? Shared calendar?
- @tcr give it another round, team members are welcome to join as well
- Let's try this with a shared calendar so that it's clear
- Gather some info on how many questions, how hard they were, time it took. Each take notes, have them easily retrievable at meeting in 1 month

## Action items

- @rwaldron check if T2 firmware has Node testing coverage reports

- @rwaldron see if Derek can meet and talk about sales #'s this week

- @frijol send team member PR to #team-members

- @frijol ask @jonmckay about how to get digitalocean credits

- @tcr write up something about how to put stuff up on dokku

- @tcr explore password managers, starting with Lastpass

- @frijol set up support weeks calendar. Set up by moderator

- @frijol create issue to review support weeks in 1 month
