# Meeting 1/18/17
Moderator: @hipsterbrown
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @tcr @rwaldron

## Agenda
https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/235

## Notes
* @tcr updated Finances.md, it's in a PR
* Blog post on security by @hipsterbrown has been updated, needs a little more review but nearly there

### Reach working group
* @tcr made a whenisgood for us to all work on Reach together at the same time and make progress

### Production working group
* Key purpose of working group: help people get from 1X to 10X to 100X+
* To that end, we've wanted to work alongside specific projects to ID their projects
* We've seen a couple now, main issues we've seen are (1) bare/stripped boards are needed and (2) producers sometimes perceive a need for technical support from the project

### Website WG
* Has been holding off, might be a good RGSoC project

### T2 Release update
* @tcr working on merging @jonmckay's PR for release update instructions
* @tcr doesn't want to be in charge of making the release builds for firmware & openWRT, @hipsterbrown should ping him when ready to release so he can make sure process fully operational

### Rust WG
* Work is happening on Rust-idiomatic API: https://gist.github.com/mzgoddard/98d1b27979ef86cf2a7effe4bd201984 thanks @mzgoddard!
* Support & review this work

## Action items
* [ ] @frijol get BOM for Tessel 2 test rig from @ekolker and put it somewhere accessible
* [ ] @frijol and others review Finances.md PR
* [ ] @frijol @tcr @rwaldron @hipsterbrown final tweaks on security blog post https://github.com/tessel/this-week-in-tessel/pull/53
* [ ] @rwaldron to ask Derek about SF carrying modules
* [ ] @rwaldron ask Jory for updated sales info
* [ ] @frijol get back to person looking for a Tessel contractor, let him know we don't have anyone to recommend, but (a) he is welcome to our usual Slack support, which is pretty comprehensive- if slow (b) he might want to look for someone from with openWRT project per his needs
* [ ] @frijol invite @nodebotanist to Reach meeting
* [ ] @frijol message new community members 1:1 and see if they want help getting onboarded
* [ ] @frijol ask Seeed about selling disassembled versions of T2
