# Meeting 2017-01-04
Moderator: @rwaldron
Notes: @hipsterbrown
Attending: @tcr @frijol

## Agenda

https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/232

## Notes

- @frijol: check in with Kas about ESP32
    - she posted about it in the #engineering channel

- @frijol check in Jia re BOM
    - Yes, now check in with Eric.

- @tcr check in with @reconbot to make sure he has all the information he needs to fund our ops infrastructure
    - @tcr will do that this week, as well as get help with our Discourse and Slack setup
    - @rwaldron will ensure @reconbot has what he needs

- @tcr submit a PR updating what infrastructure we use
    - started a PR but needs input from @reconbot

- @frijol contact Pia from OpenCollective about reimbursement process
    - we are all setup with email notifications now

- @tcr Check in about production opportunity
    - @rwaldron will ping Jory about updates

- @hipsterbrown see if there are emergent categories of support on forums that we can address through docs/bugs fixes
    - some of the common categories that come up are related to wifi discovery, OpenWRT, tessel-av
    - potentially create official WONTFIX and CANTFIX pages to give more context to community members working on projects not under the Tessel responsibilities

- What's up with https://github.com/tessel/t2-cli/issues/1117?
    - @rwaldron has posted a response with links to V8 specific issues
    - falls under CANTFIX category as it is chip architecture-specific (mipsel)
    - maybe kick it up to Node / V8 group

- @tcr finish Rust blog post
    - Not great, the cross-compilation system does not work for the latest release of Rust.
    - Need to reconfigure compiler to get the project working on the latest, stable version before finishing post. 

- @tcr help @frijol figure out what Rust things need documentation/can be documented when checking in about Rust blog post
    - Not yet, check out docs.rs

- @tcr make an autoposting forums channel in Slack so we have better visibility into support needs/acknowledge people who have issues
    - can be done after talking to @reconbot

- @frijol finish scheduling meeting between Boaz and Steering Committee
    - Boaz is not back until the 9th

- @hipsterbrown Tessel security blog post- finish draft
    - got more research materials
    - address the "5 Easy Ways to Secure Your IoT Devices" by SparkFun

- @hipsterbrown ask Derek to make sure Sparkfun tells us when Sparkfun is releasing promotions/tutorials about Tessel so we can cross-promote
    - Not yet, will get in done this week.


**We need to update our Node version on OpenWRT**

@rwaldon, we need to update the version of `gcc` being used in our toolchain because of a new API. 
    
@hipsterbrown, now would be a great time to document that process while making that update. 

Shoutout to @alphanerd for the help.


## Action items

- [ ] @frijol check in with Eric re BOM
- [ ] @tcr will update Finances.md with Open Collective details
- [ ] @tcr investigate `t2-release` and build documentation
- [ ] @tcr check in with @reconbot to make sure he has all the information he needs to fund our ops infrastructure
- [ ] @rwaldron ping Jory about updates
- [ ] @rwaldron ensure @reconbot has what he needs
- [ ] @hipsterbrown keep working on security post
- [ ] @hipsterbrown @rwaldon talk to Derek from Sparkfun about keeping us informed about Tessel articles / promotions
