# Meeting 2017-08-23

**Moderator:** @rwaldron  
**Notetaker:** @tcr  
**Attending:** @hipsterbrown  

## Agenda

* Last week's action items
* Website Update
* Help Kelsey ID issues for RGSoC
* TesselCamp

## Notes

Website

* staging.tessel.io now works
* We can begin transitioning over styles now 
* If we have some community pages + objectives, we can share these out more broadly

Tessel Camp

* Action item was look at our dates
* @hipsterbrown out the first weekend of October (7-8th) in DC, September gone in 16-17th
* @tcr Absent September 3-18th, October 8-11th
* @rwaldron Rick abstains.
* @frijol Hopelessly frozen. But has all availability.
* Tim will post some suggested dates and go ahead with this

Seeed

* @frijol is disambiguating our financial situation with Seeed re: royalties 

RGSoC

* RailsGirls are interested in having a huge backlog of issues
* They're very familiar with our repos + how Tessel works, but need a lot more definition around issues
* We should push more for better-defined issues
* Specifically looking for technical contributions they can make that are fully defined
* Technical issue with some work done and available documentation
* @rwaldron: We'd like to punt on `t2-release` work for TesselCamp, because of the amount of consolidated technical experience was needed for this
* t2-cli open issues might not have any low-hanging fruit
* Missing practical use-cases: What do you use I2C for? How can you use it in the current API? We probably take that for granted.

## Action items

* [ ] @tcr Schedule an RGSoC meetup next week
* [ ] @hipsterbrown Review the website items
* [ ] @frijol Follow up with Seeed about inventory questions + finances
* [ ] @tcr + @hipsterbrown Create some predefined issues for this, including the blog item for RGSoC
* [ ] @hipsterbrown Pick a component, come up with a few issues around "how do you use I2C?" for example as designed tutorials
* [ ] @tcr Propose dates in the group.
