SG Agenda 2017-01-24

**Moderator:** @tcr 
**Notes:** @hipsterbrown
**Attending:** @frijol

# Agenda (https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/237)

* [ ] Last week's items
* [ ] Any new business?
* [ ] Check in on working groups

## Last Week's Action Items

* [ ] @frijol get BOM for Tessel 2 test rig from @ekolker and put it somewhere accessible
    - roll over to next week
* [X] @frijol and others review Finances.md PR
    - yes, Tim will update and get it merged in this week
* [X] @frijol @tcr @rwaldron @hipsterbrown final tweaks on security blog post https://github.com/tessel/this-week-in-tessel/pull/53
    - draft has been updated after feedback from @rwaldron & @frijol
    - @frijol will review it again before publishing
* [ ] @rwaldron to ask Derek about SF carrying modules
    - moved to @hipsterbrown
* [ ] @rwaldron ask Jory for updated sales info
    - move to meeting with Boaz
* [X] @frijol get back to person looking for a Tessel contractor, let him know we don't have anyone to recommend, but (a) he is welcome to our usual Slack support, which is pretty comprehensive- if slow (b) he might want to look for someone from with openWRT project per his needs
    - Yes, they totally understood. They will continue working with Tessel
* [ ] @frijol invite @nodebotanist to Reach meeting
* [X] @frijol message new community members 1:1 and see if they want help getting onboard
    - new community members are very engaged while busy with school
    - they were very excited about contributing to an open hardware project that didn't require specific programming language expertise
* [X] @frijol ask Seeed about selling disassembled versions of T2
    - emailed them and waiting for response

## Other Discussions:

Should we create a Tessel Drone project repo?

- We should have repos related to the Tessel platform, i.e. firmware, tooling. Creating new repos 
- An RFC would help provide context around why a Tessel Drone project would benefit being a core repo.


## Action Items

* [ ] @frijol check t2-docs issues this week
* [ ] @hipsterbrown to ask Derek about SF carrying modules
* [ ] @frijol any response from Seeed about disassembled versions of T2
* [ ] @frijol reach out to @jdnichollsc about Tessel Drone RFC
* [ ] @tcr reach out to @mzgoddard about Rust API contributions
