# Meeting March 28 2017

Moderator: @tcr

Notes: @frijol

Attending: @rwaldron

## Agenda
https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/257

## Notes
* Meeting with Boaz later this week to check in on how the Bocoup Foundation is coming along
* Seeed has been in touch about headerless version of T2 in the marketplace, they are expected to follow up about production
* @tcr is working on a Reach-focused TWIT
* Next TWIT will include some open forum questions for the community
* Moving off of Heroku? @tcr interested in getting rid of these because they are an unnecessary expense. Website staging– can go. tessel-start– work with ops from Bocoup to help move this somewhere else?
* Check out this cool new GH feature for ID'ing first-time contributors! https://twitter.com/CoralineAda/status/845290990705545217
* It's too subtle, Rust High-Five might be a good way to make first-time contribs more obvious/welcomed
* Reach WG - working on firmware contributions
* Production WG – we have new people interested in tackling improvements in this space, including RailsGirls Summer of Code applicants!
* Rust & Website WGs– haven't been a focus lately

## Action items
* @hipsterbrown asking @noopkat about blog posts she may want to do (whenever you're free again)
* @tcr follow up on moving T1 docs off of Heroku
* @tcr evaluate Slackpass.io
* @tcr evaluate Rust High-Five to welcome new contributors
* @rwaldron re-prioritize Node 6 work (renew activity)
