# Meeting 2017-01-11

Moderator: 

Notes: @rwaldron

Attending: @rwaldron, @hipsterbrown @frijol

## Agenda

https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/234


## Notes

- Last week's action items
  - [x] @frijol check in with Eric re BOM
  - [ ] @tcr will update Finances.md with Open Collective details
  - [x] @tcr investigate `t2-release` and build documentation
  - [ ] @tcr check in with @reconbot to make sure he has all the information he needs to fund our ops infrastructure
  - [ ] @rwaldron ping Jory about updates
  - [ ] @rwaldron ensure @reconbot has what he needs
  - [x] @hipsterbrown keep working on security post
  - [x] @hipsterbrown @rwaldon talk to Derek from Sparkfun about keeping us informed about Tessel articles / promotions

- Reach attention
  - Maybe need a specific dedicated time to work on this
  - Find a time that works for everyone (see action item below)

- Tessel modules & Seeed
  - Ask Sparkfun if interested in carrying

- Kelsey's share & tell
  - Support and service requests?
  - LORA radio use case




## Action items


- [ ] @frijol further followup with Eric re: BOM
- [ ] @tcr will update Finances.md with Open Collective details
- [ ] @tcr check in with @reconbot to make sure he has all the information he needs to fund our ops infrastructure
  - [ ] @rwaldron ensure @reconbot has what he needs
- [ ] @rwaldron ping Jory about updates w/r to the production bot opportunity. Don't forget!
- [ ] @rwaldron @tcr @frijol review https://github.com/tessel/this-week-in-tessel/pull/53
- [ ] @tcr figure out time to video-conference-virtual-pairing hack http://whenisgood.net/
- [ ] @rwaldron to ask Derek about SF carrying modules
- [ ] @rwaldron ask jory for updated sales info
- [ ] Post project to team members and if no one can dedicate, then slack is great for support



