# Meeting Feb 2 2017
Moderator: @HipsterBrown
Notes: @frijol
Attending: @tcr

## Agenda
https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/243

## Notes
### Last week's action items
* [x] @frijol Check out even more docs - done
* [x] @frijol Forward Seeed item - talking to Boaz and Jon about getting better communication with Seeed
* [x] @tim Email Z
* [x] @frijol Contact Kolker about T2 testrig BOM: [here it is!](https://github.com/tessel/t2-test-rig-hw/blob/master/gerbers/t2-hw-test-rig.csv) But it's out of date. @johnnyman727 is working on getting a more up to date one.

### Reach meeting recap
* Met with great group of contributors about Reach [agenda](https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/241)
* Discussed appropriate technology, ESP32 seems likely to be overpowered for our application but it's a really good tool for prototyping interaction
* We made a [Reach Working Group repo](https://github.com/tessel/reach-wg) which will help us coordinate information, user research, sample code, etc. Issues there will be host to figuring out/accomplishing tasks.
* Plan is to meet again in a couple of weeks. Goal: read over Spec and modify as necessary
* Collect some use cases to inform discussion e.g. power tests of modules from @nodebotanist
* @HipsterBrown working on getting-started with ESP, will seek help from @noopkat and @nodebotanist to make this cross-platform

### Working Group checkin
* Reach is taking priority at the moment– it's the same people on all of these WGs so we can't really do all of the working groups at once effectively
* Rust is coming along thanks to @mzgoddard's API work. @johnnyman727 and @tcr are trying to support this better. @frijol added a PR for Rust quickstart to the Supported Languages page in docs
* Production is pending successful communication with Seeed, working on it
* Website is on hold/not top priority
* Docs: working on this, @hipsterbrown is working on ways to make comm protocols more clear and standardized
* Get people to make example projects for various parts of the docs? Good contribution-starter issue, maybe a good first project for a RailsGirls team

### TWIT
* It's about time for another one, maybe once we get more Reach momentum?
* Mention Open Collective
* Main focus? Reach progress?

## Action items

* [ ] @tcr send out whenisgood and set date for next Reach meeting, including definition of goals for meeting
* [ ] @HipsterBrown talk to SparkFun about carrying Tessel modules
* [ ] @tcr close T2 memory working group with summary
* [ ] @HipsterBrown compile resources and try to draft a simple cross-platform ESP getting started guide for Reach contributors
* [ ] @tcr publish notes from Reach meeting to #reach-wg
* [ ] @HipsterBrown make issue to figure out the interplay between t2-start and t2-docs
* [ ] @tcr TELEC update when back in Boston?
* [ ] @frijol make a draft TWIT
