# Meeting June 7, 2017

Moderator: @frijol

Notes: @rwaldron

Attending: @hipsterbrown, @tcr

## Agenda

- <https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/289>
- <https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/290>


## Notes

### Last Week's Action items

- [x] @tcr Set up next meeting with Boaz - about to do this
- [x] @tcr Look up Technical Machine internship documentsâ€“ looked, but didn't find anything all that useful
  - Has the documents, what to do with them?
- [ ] @hipsterbrown Plan a group design session for Website- didn't get to this but will.
- [x] @rwaldron make a note on the website
- [x] @frijol change meetings to Wednesdays at the same time
- [x] @frijol check in with Seeed re headerless Tessels
  - Silence again from Seeed :(
- [ ] @tcr try debugging the Node 6 branch's Wifi issue
- [ ] @tcr start a TWIT
- [x] @tcr investigate methods for slackbot to ping support people in a randomized method when an issue is older than a day
  - Turns out this is harder than we thought?
  - Maybe scale it back to a simpler "@help" ping-bot?




### Working Group Updates


- Web Site WG
  - SSL cert expired
    - tessel.io requests failed
    - t2 cli commands that make requests failed
  - What happened?
    - Not sure of the specific details
    - Tyler Kellen at Bocoup fixed the issue on Monday
  - Need to ask for better access to our infrastructure

- Rust WG
  - 

- Reach WG
  - @tcr will have more time in coming weeks to work on Reach
  - user mentioned need for traditional ee roles? Steer them to Reach
  - Goals: finish request/response wifi demo 


- Discussion re: Rails Girls Summer of Code


### Internship Docs?


- Tim to provide notes on old internship docs



### Node 6: Lede 17 vs. Openwrt PR


- Previously, @kevinmehall did some substantial (multi-repo) work on Lede 17, an OpenWRT fork, but it looks like these things might eventually get merged into master.
- Would need to make copies of existing pre-compiled modules, make suffixed SDK files for each
- Cache validation problem. Would require calls to t2 run/push to make a request to a tessel.io check, which is not great for projects that don't require pre-compiled modules
- How do we make sure that people are on the appropriate firmware version?
- Reliability of Wifi on Lede 17? Very weird intermittent several-minute dropout.
- @huseyinkozan has also done a patch that he thinks works, it seems much simpler to merge. @rwaldron hasn't done full testing on this yet but is in the process.
- There are now two Node 6 branches that potentially work, different approaches by different authors. Can we pick the simpler one? Will this cause upset, and what are the technical vision implications?
- We can work on getting Lede out separately, but it should not block Node 6.
- We've tried overambitious updates before, and had to claw back from them. Not a good idea to ship anything we're not really sure is reliable
- Does Lede support all of the OpenWRT packages we might want to use in the future?
- Conclusion: @rwaldron will write a smoke test document on @huseyinkozan's branch, will ask @kevinmehall to review














### Action Items

- [ ] @hipsterbrown Plan a group design session for Website- didn't get to this but will.
- ~~[ ] @tcr try debugging the Node 6 branch's Wifi issue~~
- [ ] @tcr start a TWIT
- [ ] @tcr to hook up high-five bot to more repos
- [ ] Ask for better access to our infrastructure at foundation meeting. 
- [ ] Uptime bot
- [ ] Create issue for Let's Encrypt


