# Meeting June 14 2017

Moderator: @hipsterbrown

Notes: @frijol

Attending: @rwaldron

## Agenda

<https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/291>

## Notes

### Updates from @tcr (asynchronous)

1. added Highfive support to the top ten repos we have. see this list for details. <https://github.com/tessel/highfive/tree/master/highfive/configs> i did my best to add only the relevant reviewers to each repo. note that highfive assigns reviewers only for pull requests, not issues.
2. i started a stub for the next TWIT. <https://github.com/tessel/this-week-in-tessel/issues/57> i'll follow up this week with questions about its contents.
3. boaz has been asked about a quarterly sync meeting as well as a manufacturing meeting.
4. i have some reach updates but i can't get them pushed today; i'll try pushing code over the next day or so, and follow up on the TWIT items that depend on that work.
5. i promised some internship docs but left them on the wrong computer. i'll try surfacing them from my backblaze backups later though

### Last week's action items

- @hipsterbrown drafted an agenda for Website meeting, will schedule by next week
- @tcr started TWIT draft, will keep working on it- will be Reach-focused

### Current biggest objectives for Tessel Project and what should our RGSoC team work on

- GUTS might be a way to ID production challenges
- @frijol interview the people on Slack who are encountering challenges moving towards production. GUTS may not be as necessary, because we have people actively building commercial devices.
- @rwaldron biggest objective is to ensure LTS builds in Reach - other than supporting the project, support, closing issues, etc.
- @hipsterbrown do a kitted-style, step-by-step project to start with so that they have an early success getting familiar with the hardware & we can learn the challenges
- Rust, Reach, features for production
- Designing T2 and Reach's connectivity features
- @hipsterbrown what does a starter kit look like for a T2-based serviceâ€“ how do you push testing? What does login look like? A base webpage? Etc.

## Action items

- @frijol add blurb about RGSoC to TWIT for this month
- @frijol create RGSoC Plan of Work for the summer/meet with the team
- @frijol see if people making production projects would be up for interview (for blog, for customer dev, whichever/ideally both)
- @tcr write the TWIT
- @hipsterbrown schedule Website WG meeting
- @all start thinking about next Tesselcamp?
