# Meeting 2017-02-22

**Moderator:** @frijol  
**Notetaker:** @tcr  
**Attending:** @hipsterbrown

## Action Items from Last Week

- @SP Nick forwarded info about most popular modules... no response yet. Mentioned DIY modules as well
- Kelsey: check in with Seeed related to DIY modules, labeled Tessel sales, and headerless boards
- We need demonstration of sales for headerless boards
- Aggregate records of sales numbers are now in Spreadsheets (July of 2016 onward), we're missing T2 preorder period
- TELEC + Rust + Node 6 release

### TWIT

- Review and send out ASAP
- Add information on Reach
- @hipsterbrown and @tcr review

### Reach WG

- All next step updates are present in the README and issues section
- We need more engineering / firmware help
- Make the README less intimidating for newcomers?
- Also post engineering criteria for architecture selection

### Rust WG

- Interest is still there for Rust working group
- Going to give support to existing projects and persons

## Action Items

- @frijol Follow up with Seeed emails
- @hipsterbrown Follow up on selling modules in Sparkfun
- @tcr Post in the Reach WG that the spec review is part of the next meeting
- @tcr follow up with TELEC + Rust + Node 6 release
- @hipsterbrown @tcr TWIT review and forthcoming publish
