# Meeting August 3 2017

Moderator: @Frijol
Notetaker: @rwaldron
Attending: @tcr

## Agenda

<https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/301>

## Notes


- RGSoC
  - Set up workshops?

- Reach 
  - Still working

- Website
  - https://github.com/tessel/tesselwww
  - Wants people to work through readme to test 
  - Gauge interest

- Kelsey and Rick chatting about OSS glossary of terms
- Waffle.js is cool


## Action Items

- @tcr to set up workshop for RGSoC
- @frijol take a look at the building stuff for tesselwww

