# Meeting Feb. 28 2017

Moderator: @HipsterBrown

Notes: @frijol

## Agenda

<https://github.com/tessel/project/issues/250>

## Notes

- @frijol Getting in touch with Seeed has been frustrating again, will try the looping-in-Tim approach to seeing if that makes them reply again
- @HipsterBrown looking into getting American distributor, waiting on a response
- @HipsterBrown reviewed TWIT,looks good.
- @frijol, @tcr wanted to put in Reach stuff, but let's just send out this month's TWIT because the month is ending. Reach can be a main topic of next month's
- @HipsterBrown Production working group has interesting question, what would be an ideal interaction to wirelessly program several T2s at once? @frijol there may have been some interaction design done on this back in the Technical Machine days, will try to find
- Rails Girls Summer of Code applicants seem awesome, @frijol wants to invite other team members to help mentor

## Action items

- @frijol send out TWIT!
- @frijol keep poking Seeed, with @tcr's help
- @HipsterBrown keep poking potential American module
- @frijol see if can find a full spec of the original t2-cli to investigate original interaction designs
- @frijol get @HipsterBrown and @tcr (if he wants) mentor logins for RailsGirls Summer of Code so they can see applicants
